guys I hope I find you well today we're
going to do a video on DJ software in
particular something I've had a lot of
correspondence about and that's mixed
myself we all look at in particular mix
meister fusion but there's a lot of
other packages out there it does vary a
lot compared with other DJ packages from
the point of view that it's a timeline
based system rather than a twin or core
deck system so something like Virtual DJ
and tractor in a way a similar but mix
my star has its own unique way of
dealing with what you want to do as a
deep okay so this is the general view
our mix meister fusion now you can see
my reflection in here so I don't
apologize about that but hey it's not
gonna make a lot of difference the first
thing you need to do is let mix Meister
find out where your music is and that's
quite simple I'm going to zoom you into
here so we take it up file add files to
the library this frame comes up at a
single file an entire folder of files
and automatically add files by
monitoring folders which we do that at a
later date but for now we're going to
add entire folder of files if we go down
to okay and then you have the view that
you're probably quite familiar with in
my case most of my music is on my hard
drive so we'll find that coming down
here we go my book age so to do that
music and away we go
we would then press okay and I've got so
much music it does take about 40 minutes
for it to click through and register all
the tracks I have on that hard drive
and the top left-hand corner you have
this search section and it is simple as
move down through the tracks such all
search so let's just search for
something Billie Jane and here we have
every CD or file that I have with that
track in it would come up so what you
can't do you can right don't there we go
we can right click add to the end of the
playlist or we can drag it across so
what I'm going to do is use my left
button and leave it on drag it across to
this section which is the playlist and
that will be my first track now down
here is the timeline I'm gonna do that
with another track I've just done
something randomly here so now you can
see the timeline this is track 1 Billie
Jean and Night Fever by the Bee Gees
other moments set up for a simple
crossfade and we're gonna hear what that
sounds like
that's not absolutely brilliant so we're
going to try something else we're gonna
change that just beat mix eight beat mix
so if that's any better
now it's not bad it's not perfect what I
actually think is the volume on some of
this is a bit low so I'm going to
increase the volume and it's simple as
drag-and-drop these little round blobs
on that on the sound volume line and
we're just going to come up a little bit
on that there we go
my try again
so I hope you found this an interesting
and useful introduction into mixed Maya
fusion in this case we're going to take
a look at some of the other program
features and some of the tasks so that
it really gets you up and running so you
can use it for performance and if
nothing else it will make you decide
whether it would be a useful bit of
software for you well until next time